tae Joon is doing his best to save the
planet or at least one part of it
this pond tae Joon is learning about
environmental preservation and
sustainability on the agenda today how
frogs survive in pipes this is the green
school on the Indonesian island of Bali
the bamboo paradise is located around a
quarter of an hour south of the small
city of ubud there is no central school
building instead individual classrooms
are spread across an eight hectare
campus some of the lessons for instance
in green studies take place outdoors
what do you guys think we do just roads
or dude should we do like a clump in no
time a bit of biosphere is ready I took
the role of a client today so I told
them like this is my pond I want them to
fix it up and I gave them sort of some
demands we've been studying the pond for
two weeks
and we learned that the frogs are dying
in here because there's no escape routes
this grumble will allow the frogs to
reach land right next to nature and so
you can just like look out your wall
nice nature right there solar panels
provide 80% of the school's power the
rest comes from a biogas generator is
fueled by composting toilets each class
has its own garden and supplies the
school canteen with food on today's menu
is fresh tomato salad along with
ecological subjects the school also
offers standard courses in math grammar
philosophy or physics the students come
from almost 40 different countries the
curriculum is internationally certified
right now in science class we're doing a
physics sort of labs slash what do I
call it yes we're doing our whole
project where we have to build a roller
coaster and made out of rattan and
bamboo and glue of course and we have to
build it and make it floor and the idea
was to take something from the natural
environment from the jungle and
construct from scratch a roller coaster
that shows all the different points
there physics and motion along the way
they have time and space to be creative
with the bamboo with the rattan with
each other and the whole group dynamic
piece it's just a much more thematic
approach to teaching than you would get
in a traditional school
it's recess a chance to check out the
local surroundings here concrete takes
the place of bamboo Bali's environment
has suffered greatly from unbridled
tourism and the rapid growth of the
islands population new settlements and
streets have been built where palm trees
used to grow sometimes religious rituals
are all the remain of the old Bali
balli lacks an efficient waste disposal
system garbage is simply burned
back at the green school after recess
it's time for math but class begins
within Israeli folk dance at the green
school the emphasis is on combining
practical skills with an awareness of
the importance of our environment
there's so many kinesthetic aspects that
I can teach through the folk dance
moving forward moving backwards keeping
your beat stepping to the right stepping
to the left all amazing skills which are
for our human body that's the
sustainable education that's an
education for human beings not for
universities lunchtime the kids are
enjoying some Balinese dishes Italian
pasta and of course fresh tomatoes the
food is served in wicker baskets lined
with banana leaves they don't need to be
washed
that saves water tuition fees are ten
thousand euros a year Balinese families
can't afford that so the green school
remains in oasis for the children of
wealthy foreigners still maybe one day
they will share the ecological knowledge
they learned here back in their home
countries